[To rel/1.0][IOTDB-4433][IOTDB-4497] Add Cluster-Query-Command doc (#8282)
apache/iotdb: docs/UserGuide/Cluster/Cluster-Query-Command.md

<!--

    Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    
        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

-->

# Cluster Information Query Command

## Show ConfigNode information

> Currently, IoTDB supports show ConfigNode information by the following SQL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, IoTDB supports showing ConfigNode information by the following SQL:
```

```
SHOW CONFIGNODES
```

Eg:
```
IoTDB> show confignodes
+------+-------+---------------+------------+--------+
|NodeID| Status|InternalAddress|InternalPort|    Role|
+------+-------+---------------+------------+--------+
|     0|Running|      127.0.0.1|       22277|  Leader|
|     1|Running|      127.0.0.1|       22279|Follower|
|     2|Running|      127.0.0.1|       22281|Follower|
+------+-------+---------------+------------+--------+
Total line number = 3
It costs 0.030s
```

### ConfigNode status definition
The ConfigNode statuses are defined as follows:

- **Running**: The ConfigNode is running properly
- **Unknown**: The ConfigNode doesn't report heartbeat properly

## Show DataNode information

> Currently, IoTDB supports show DataNode information by the following SQL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, IoTDB supports showing DataNode information by the following SQL:
```

|     1|Running| 127.0.0.1|   6667|            0|              1|
|     2|Running| 127.0.0.1|   6668|            0|              1|
+------+-------+----------+-------+-------------+---------------+
Total line number = 2
It costs 0.007s

IoTDB> insert into root.ln.d1(timestamp,s1) values(1,true)
Msg: The statement is executed successfully.
IoTDB> show datanodes
+------+-------+----------+-------+-------------+---------------+
|NodeID| Status|RpcAddress|RpcPort|DataRegionNum|SchemaRegionNum|
+------+-------+----------+-------+-------------+---------------+
|     1|Running| 127.0.0.1|   6667|            1|              1|
|     2|Running| 127.0.0.1|   6668|            0|              1|
+------+-------+----------+-------+-------------+---------------+
Total line number = 2
It costs 0.006s
```

### DataNode status definition
The state machine of DataNode is shown in the figure below:
<img style="width:100%; max-width:500px; max-height:500px; margin-left:auto; margin-right:auto; display:block;" src="https://github.com/apache/iotdb-bin-resources/blob/main/docs/UserGuide/Cluster/DataNode-StateMachine-EN.jpg?raw=true">

The DataNode statuses are defined as follows:

> - **Running**: The DataNode is running properly and can be read and written

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Running**: The DataNode is running properly and is readable and writable
```

- **Unknown**: The DataNode doesn't report heartbeat properly, the ConfigNode considers the DataNode as unreadable and un-writable

> - **Removing**: The DataNode is being removed from the cluster and cannot be read or written

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Removing**: The DataNode is being removed from the cluster and cannot be read from or written to
```

> - **ReadOnly**: The remaining disk space of DataNode is lower than disk_warning_threshold(default is 5%), the DataNode can be read but can't be written or synchronize data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **ReadOnly**: The remaining disk space of DataNode is lower than disk_warning_threshold(default is 5%), the DataNode can be read from but cannot be written to or synchronize data
```

## Show all Node information

> Currently, IoTDB supports show the information of all Nodes by the following SQL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, IoTDB supports showing the information of all Nodes by the following SQL:
```

|     0|ConfigNode|Running|      127.0.0.1|       22277|              22278|          |       |                 |                   |       |
|     1|ConfigNode|Running|      127.0.0.1|       22279|              22280|          |       |                 |                   |       |
|     2|ConfigNode|Running|      127.0.0.1|       22281|              22282|          |       |                 |                   |       |
|     3|  DataNode|Running|      127.0.0.1|        9003|                   | 127.0.0.1|   6667|            40010|              50010|   8777|
|     4|  DataNode|Running|      127.0.0.1|        9004|                   | 127.0.0.1|   6668|            40011|              50011|   8778|
|     5|  DataNode|Running|      127.0.0.1|        9005|                   | 127.0.0.1|   6669|            40012|              50012|   8779|
+------+----------+-------+---------------+------------+-------------------+----------+-------+-----------------+-------------------+-------+
Total line number = 6
It costs 0.340s
```

## Show Region information

The cluster uses a SchemaRegion/DataRegion as a unit for schema/data replication and data management. 

> The Region status and distribution is helpful for system operation and maintenance testing, as shown in the following scenario:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Region status and distribution is helpful for system operation and maintenance testing, as shown in the following scenarios:
```

Total line number = 6
It costs 0.007s

IoTDB> show schema regions of database root.sg1, root.sg2
+--------+------------+-------+--------+-----------+---------+----------+----------+-------+--------+
|RegionId|        Type| Status|Database|SeriesSlots|TimeSlots|DataNodeId|RpcAddress|RpcPort|    Role|
+--------+------------+-------+--------+-----------+---------+----------+----------+-------+--------+
|       1|SchemaRegion|Running|root.sg1|          1|        0|         1| 127.0.0.1|   6667|Follower|
|       1|SchemaRegion|Running|root.sg1|          1|        0|         2| 127.0.0.1|   6668|Follower|
|       1|SchemaRegion|Running|root.sg1|          1|        0|         3| 127.0.0.1|   6669|  Leader|
|       3|SchemaRegion|Running|root.sg2|          1|        0|         1| 127.0.0.1|   6667|Follower|
|       3|SchemaRegion|Running|root.sg2|          1|        0|         2| 127.0.0.1|   6668|  Leader|
|       3|SchemaRegion|Running|root.sg2|          1|        0|         3| 127.0.0.1|   6669|Follower|
+--------+------------+-------+--------+-----------+---------+----------+----------+-------+--------+
Total line number = 6
It costs 0.009s
```

### Region status definition

> Region inherits the status of the DataNode where the Region resides. And Region states are defined as follows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Region inherits the status of the DataNode where the Region resides in. And Region states are defined as follows
```

> - **Running**: The DataNode where the Region resides is running properly, the Region can be read and written

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Running**: The DataNode where the Region resides in is running properly, the Region can be read from and written to
```

> - **Unknown**: The DataNode where the Region resides doesn't report heartbeat properly, the Region cannot be read or written

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Unknown**: The DataNode where the Region resides in doesn't report heartbeat properly, the Region cannot be read from or written to
```

> - **Removing**: The DataNode where the Region resides is being removed from the cluster, the Region cannot be read or written

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Removing**: The DataNode where the Region resides in is being removed from the cluster, the Region cannot be read from or written to
```

> - **ReadOnly**: The available disk space of the DataNode where the Region resides is lower than the disk_warning_threshold(5% by default). The Region can be read but can't be written and synchronize data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **ReadOnly**: The available disk space of the DataNode where the Region resides in is lower than the disk_warning_threshold(5% by default). The Region can be read from but cannot be written to and synchronize data
```
